So here's how it goes,
so basically, Twitch
is going to read a category,
like three types of trees.
And I'd say, elm, oak, olive.
And then you hit it.
So we would see how
much time I have left.
You have to do it
in five seconds.
All right, Ellen,
besides coffee,
name three things you
can get at a coffee shop.
A cinnamon, and a
napkin, and cupcakes.
[BUZZER] Oh, out of
time, I didn't make it.
OK, Cher.
Are you just trying
to make me look good?
No, I really, I haven't
been at a coffee shop.
I don't know what they have.
But you can get your hair
washed in a bowl in your house?
Shh.
[LAUGHTER]
Queen.
Shh.
OK, Cher.
OK.
Name three celebrities you'd
want to do a duet with.
Oh, Adele, Pink,
and not Madonna.
[BUZZER]
Well, all right miss negative.
What did I cheat?
Yeah.
Did I cheat?
Yeah, that's not, he
said would you want to,
it's not who you
wouldn't want to.
Well I took license, I
took a little license.
Yeah, you did.
OK.
But you got two of them.
All right.
OK, Ellen.
Three favorite body parts.
Oh stomach, legs, and arms.
[BELL]
[APPLAUSE]
On you or somebody else?
Somebody else.
OK.
I don't have any
favorites on mine.
OK, Cher.
Name three terms for hooking up.
Oh, I don't even know those.
I don't know--
Just make some up.
OK.
I can't think of it.
[BUZZER] I'm totally losing now.
Yeah.
OK.
Knocking boots is one.
Yeah?
I don't know that one.
You don't know knockin boots?
No.
What would you call it?
Just hooking up?
Uh-uh.
I wouldn't even call it that.
What would you call?
I don't know.
OK.
You just go come here?
Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
No, I don't, I don't, I don't.
All right.
OK.
Ellen, name three things you'd
do if the power went out.
I would light a candle, I
would just go, when happened?
And I would-- [BUZZER]
[LAUGHTER] And I'd just sit
around.
Oh, I'm bad at this.
Well what do you mean--
You said this was gonna be fun.
--when the power went out.
Yeah it is fun.
OK.
It's fun for them to watch us.
[LAUGHTER]
Not for us but it's entertaining
them and that's what matters.
OK, OK, OK.
Cher, what are three shows you
watch but don't like admitting?
Oh, let's see.
Well I don't watch shows
I don't like admitting.
OK, hold on.
I watch Fox News
once in a while.
[BELL] Oh, I just
gave myself one.
And I don't know, I
can't think of it.
I like all of, all the
shows I watch, I like.
I don't have guilty that.
No, you don't have
Bachelor in Paradise?
I don't, no.
Oh you should watch that.
No.
It's like The Bachelor, I
don't watch that either.
Yeah, no but,
Bachelor in Paradise
is better than The Bachelor.
Or any of The Housewives in East
[BLEEP],, I don't watch them.
It's different.
They don't have
East [BLEEP] yet.
They haven't made that one.
OK.
That's a good one, though.
The Housewives of East [BLEEP].
[LAUGHTER]
Last round.
Oh good.
All right, so last me, then you.
OK.
Ellen, three things
that turn you on.
Oh, music, sweetness,
and chocolate.
[BELL] Choclate doesn't.
I just made that up.
I was thinking in a
whole different place.
Really?
Yeah, what were you thinking?
I was thinking, you know,
handsome, tall, sweet.
Yeah.
Did we both have sweet?
Yeah, I said sweet.
OK.
Chocolate doesn't.
I just made that up so I'd win.
[LAUGHTER]
Does chocolate turn anybody on?
Really, like, mm,
really you eat?
And you--
I love it.
I don't get it much, but
I love chocolate and cake.
You eat chocolate and you're,
like, you're in the mood?
No, no.
It's like, I don't
get to have cho--
I mean, look, I'm working on
my body and I just don't--
I have chocolate, I'm lying.
Yeah, see?
Yeah.
And then it turns you on?
No it doesn't turn me on.
You just said it did.
No, I didn't mean
it in that way.
OK.
Bitch.
[LAUGHTER]
All right.
Give my guest, Cher, the
last category, Twitch.
OK.
[LAUGHTER] OK, Cher, name three
ways to make money really fast.
Oh singing, hooking, and and--
[BUZZER] acting.
[BELL]
[APPLAUSE]
All right.
We both lost and we'll be right,
I'll be right back, she won't.
[LAUGHTER]
Oh, very nice.